Haie Hello this is neither a failure nor a Eemaa opening video
Introduction South Bird Sea sounds like
Well today I went a little Wow convenience store
In it is not bought back full of Te buzz in the write
Yes, why I was also searched
Once you yeah yeah yeah
It is-
Yes
Grenade golem
A main area Grimo front Gretel
Go this on at Cyber ​​Handel Thunderstorm
Glaser is hit Ah Shami line
This Glaser was ok yes
Well I think that way I want to teach you a little
To Emmer Pad
eh
First of all, this summit is neither Kos Research nor weight monkey.
I used to bathe myself from long ago, but I was skeptical that it might be true
I think the Andy influence will go a bit because it hits blood
a
Acai a
Please think that it is Buber 1 night 1 night
Two Well you have a 24 I miasma Kusugawa sheets of pack Girl Nema box Touko Ryumai pack of
Let's go there
Open right
On the left side is on this left side
compaq still a
Please open a
It is the state immediately after opening the box , so that is the left side.
From the bottom of the 10 pack
The second large top It is the 5th from tomorrow
Five this after my list
This is a hit image
This is the second one from below that I bought
I bought the second from the bottom left of the left two boxes from this bottom
I have a twin Glaser hit Glaser
Follow
Nde Well often are quite standing is this treasure to the other
Well how about trying it to everyone
Well, you can not guarantee when out in this
So please order Callao everyone This is it